1. Class In java : Classes The are The Blueprints for creating an objects.
   
   it differ from object like, Where the Classes are The Blue Prints For Creating on objects 
   But in Objects are have States and Behaviours.

2. Constructor : Constructor in Java is Defined as the "Is a Block of Executed Whenever
   an object Is created".
   
   Constructor are differ From Methods 
   - Where Method Is Block Of Code Executed When its Called  
   - Where Constructor Block of code Executed During Object Creation
 
Main difference: 1. Method are Create With Return Types and Without Return Types
                 2. But Constructor Should not have an Return Type
                 3. Method name should be any type or any value
                 4. Constructor name Should Same as Class Name
                 5. Without Constructor we cannot create an object

3. Types Of Constructor 
   i) default Constructor: is Constructor Where an Compiler(In Java) Will Automatically 
      Suggest for create Constructor, If You not created Constructor.
  
   ii) No Parameter Constructor: This is Type of Constructor in java Where Constructor 
       are Created Without parameter in its

   iii) Parameter Constructor: This is Type of Constructor in java Where Constructor 
       are Created With parameter in its.

4. Yes, a Constructor can be private in Java 
   This private Constructor are created Because to stop the other classes to creating 
   the Objects.

5. Aggregation : Aggregation in java is defined as " is Type of Relationship in Java
   (Has a relation) Where Class Connected Through reference to another class".

Example : School has Teachers, School has rooms, School as Sections, School as Security.


6. Inheritance : is defined in Java as "Acquiring(Inherit) all The Properties from the                Parent Class to Child Class".

Use of Inheritance In java:

--> For Reuse the Code(write once and Reuse) from one class to another class
--> and we also create Method Overloading and Method Overriding(Polymorphism).

7. There are Three Types that are Supported Inheritance in Java
   1. Single Inheritance
   2. Multilevel Inheritance
   3. Hierarchical Inheritance

8. Super Keyword are use In inheritance because:
   --> access all the values of parent classes(Method, Variables, Constructors).
   -->  and it allows the child class to access all the values of parent class
   --> We can also called the constructor(parent) to constructor of another class(child).


9. Java Doesn't Support Multiple Inheritance In java, 
   Reason:  -->In Inheritance(java) Using Extend Keyword is not Possible.
            -->Because The In inheritance Using extend Keyword its only possible by 
               achieving the Extend Keyword that from one parent another child class
            --> This are get by using interfaces in java


10. Static Variables : Static Variables in java are Defined as "this are the Variables 
    are declared by using static keyword in java".

differ :  Where Static variables shared among all objects of classes but there only 
          one copy.
          Where instance Variables are  unique to each object it has own copy.


11. Static Variables are Stored in the Method area in the class,
    this are created  only one time.
    but there are not stored in heap memory

12. Static Block : is defined as static block is a block of code in java
    that runs one time when the class been executed.

---> its Executed the Before the Executing the main Method in java

13. "YES", In java Multiple static Blocks can have in class
    --->They are Executed in order Wise as they appear in the code like first block   executed later second block.


14. Use of Static Block:
    --> used for initializing values for the static variables 
    --> To run the program once


15. Why main Method Is static in java:
    --> Because in java JVM calls the method Without using or creating the objects. 
   --> Because the code start from main Method Only.
   --> JVM directly calls to main Method Only
   

Outputs Of the Following Code:

1. Class and Objects: 

output: 15


2. Constructors:

output: default Constructor


3. Association:

output: 8
        4


4. Access Specifiers:

output: 10
        20

5.Static Methods:


output: parent static

6. Static Variables:


output: 3

7. Static Block 
 
output: Value: 50


8. Inheritance:

output: Dog runs.

















  